closes #1530_Doc: Updated R version in multiple files (#1533)
pharmaverse/admiral: vignettes/faq.Rmd

 
##### Why do we use a **certain R version and package versions** for development?

> * The choice of R Version is not set in stone.  However, a common development environment is important to establish when working across multiple companies and multiple developers. We only use the three latest R versions and the closest date of snapshots of R packages available when that R version came out. This need for a common development environment also carries over for our choice of package versions.  

Reviewer: This paragraph refers to our dev environment which is only a single R version. We should only reference the 3 version we test on in the paragraph below.

Reviewer 2: Sorry he is saying that as developers we only work in 1 R version.  The earliest of the 3 latest R versions.  So 4.0 is earliest of 4.0, 4.1 and 4.2

Reviewer 2: We test against 3 R versions

> * GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against R Version 4.0 with a CRAN package snapshot from 2021-03-31 and the latest R version with the latest snapshots of packages.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* GitHub allows us through the Actions/Workflows to test `{admiral}` under several versions of R as well as several versions of dependent R packages needed for `{admiral}`.  Currently we test `{admiral}` against the three latest versions of R with the closest snapshot of CRAN packages to the R version.  You can view this workflow and others on our [admiralci GitHub Repository](https://github.com/pharmaverse/admiralci).
```

Author: Change implemented!
